In 1972,
a crack commando unit...
was sent to prison
by a military court...
for a crime they didn't commit.
These men promptly escaped...
from a maximum-security
stockade...
to the Los Angeles underground.
Today, still wanted
by the government...
they survive
as soldiers of fortune.
If you have a problem,
if no one else can help...
and if you can find them...
maybe you can hire the A-Team.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Go too far down
this river, is me think.
All this nonsense about El
Cajon, the river pirate.
These people really believe
he's some kind of devil?
A mystical creature who can walk
without one foot touching the ground.
You gotta be kidding.
El Cajon, he maketh no shadow.
Death follow him
like silent friend.
El Cajon has cobra and
moccasin around his neck.
They fear to bite him.
Look, our deal was you would take
me to the Jurua Tributary...
and on past the settlement at Fonte Boa.
I paid you for that distance.
That was before husband of me
sister had vision last night.
Your brother-in-law chews cocoa leaves.
He's high. He's loaded.
His pupils look like
train tunnels.
He see tomorrow today.
Ah, he's a little bit crazy,
me think.
But he is listened by others.
We're not turning back,
Little John.
When we reach
bend in river, we see.
That is me best think on it.
You say to them that I know where
the lost city of Del Rio is.
The religious artifacts,
they can have.
The treasures of their
Peruvian Indians.
Much magic. Okay?
You and your family
be big medicine.
Much magic.
He want two thing.
Okay. What?
You will offer your hand
to El Cajon to save our lives.
That's easy enough.
Sure. What else?
He want good luck medal
from your neck.
My girlfriend gave me
this St. Christopher.
Kind of a pre-engagement gift.
These things will take you
round bend in river.
Nothing else.
It will be safe now.
I don't believe this.
So, looks like El Cajon's...
out scaring snakes on
another part of the river.
El Cajon.
Maintain your course.
We'll outrun him.
No, you must stop.
You will give him your hand.
I don't think this guy
wants to shake hands.
No shake hands.
You will let him cut it off and you will
offer it as a gift to save our lives.
Good morning, señor.
You seem to be having
a bit of trouble.
Perhaps for a small amount of
money I can give you a hand.
I thought I was
supposed to give you mine.
This is a very old
Indian custom.
You give a hand
to protect your friends.
Is very, very funny custom, no?
Such is the legend of El Cajon.
He will tell the others of the
man who walks on one leg.
Perhaps a box of diamonds, eh?
It's my journal.
Your journal.
Yes...
very important, these words.
Just my personal stuff.
I see.
It is about many women, eh?
I think?
I will read these words later.
Señor, this is not the way for
friends to welcome each other...
over the barrel of the pistola.
You're not my friend, fatso.
Where's the rest of the money?
Isn't it you who's
bringing the money to me?
Does not your boss,
Señor Doylee, pay me...
to keep people off the river?
I'm through with you and I'm through
with Doyle. I want what you've got.
My bad leg, she aches.
May I sit down?
The man who walks
with one foot get tired...
somedays.
You fat bucket of donkey sweat.
Where is it?
You make a big mistake.
It is a double barrel, señor.
The man who walks on one leg...
carries a shotgun in the other.
Is good trick, no, eh?
The fat bucket of donkey sweat
do it again, eh?
And so the paper sent a stringer
down to Monte Alegre...
which is a tiny town on the
Jurua tributary of the Amazon.
There's a river Indian there, who
goes by the name of Little John.
Little John.
I like that.
He was in Brian's party,
and the only one to get away.
Apparently their convoy
was attacked...
by a river pirate
who goes by the name...
of El Cajon.
El Cajon?
El Cajon? I think that's
a Spanish word, not a name.
And you're engaged
to this Brian Lefcourt?
Pre-engaged.
We gave each other
these St. Christophers...
and when he got back from trying to
find the lost treasure of Del Rio...
we were going to be married.
When did all this happen?
Last month.
When you guys were in South
Carolina helping that old sheriff.
I don't want to be
judgmental but...
well, marrying the rich owner of
the newspaper where you work...
Rock Hudson and Doris Day
did that movie in 1950.
I'm not marrying him
for his money.
Let's get back
to this lost city stuff.
There wouldn't happen to be some lost
treasure in this lost city, would there?
Brian isn't after the treasure.
He has a doctorate
in Archeology...
and there happen to be
tremendous cultural finds...
that date back to the
early Peruvian tribes.
Oh, well, now,
this is encouraging.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
"El Cajon. Spanish
translation: The coffin."
What kind of a scungele
would call himself a coffin?
Well, probably the same kind that
would call himself Hannibal.
Come on, Face, Hannibal the Great
was a general, he was a thinker.
A coffin is just a suitcase for
a dead body. It lacks style.
It's klutzy, brutish.
The guy is a terrorist slob.
And I think I'd like to tell that to Mr.
Coffin in person.
Face, you spring
Murdock, I'll get B.A.
Yes, yes, it was tragic.
That's why the family
has asked me...
to handle the final part
of the interment.
I don't quite understand.
Are you with the Congregational
Church or Lyman Brothers Mortuary?
Both.
You see, it's all
pre-packaging these days.
One-stop shopping, if you will.
Yes. Now, I've given you
the paper work.
I wonder if I might
have a few...
final moments with the deceased?
Now, that's
Lieutenant Colonel...
Lawrence Bushman.
Colonel Bushman was taken away
this morning, I thought.
If he was, would I be here with
our Heaven Rider number six?
Your what?
The coffin.
Oh.
Would you mind having a few of the
attendants outside unload the hearse?
And which way might
the hospital wing be?
To your left,
second floor, right.
Thank you, child.
Yes, yes, lovely.
Thank you.
And, if one of you might remain
behind to help me with last rites?
Yes. Let me see.
Let me see. I think...
Oh, you, in the whatever.
Yes, he'll do nicely.
And if the rest of you could just
wait outside, please. Thank you.
All right, Murdock, hop in.
We're running a little late.
It's always the same.
They never ever
give me what I ask for.
Murdock, it's all
I could get, all right?
Are you kidding me?
Who would send me
these little pillows...
and this pale beige lining?
What has this got to do
with the rest of the set?
Has any thought been given as
to who might play the lead...
and would he indeed look good in oak?
Murdock--
I want you to get on to
wardrobe and on to make-up...
and clean this mess up.
This entire production has
been shtank from day one.
- What're you, making a movie?
- The movie.
It's going to be fantastic. It's
called Closed For Remodeling.
You could be a star.
Those eyes,
those blue eyes are stunning!
Why don't you
try the angle from inside.
That's a great idea. You and I
are gonna work well together.
Those eyes, that hair, that chin,
the way it frames the face.
I know.
Half the world's
population should see it.
Where's Murdock?
The service was brief
but very moving.
He broke down and asked if he could
remain behind in the bathroom...
to compose himself.
That was me.
I'm sorry, I sometimes
get carried away.
We need all this stuff,
Hannibal?
For a guy named "The Coffin", I want to
be able to stitch his bag with lead.
How come we gonna
unload it from the van?
Because I have to ship it
to where we're going.
We're flying, ain't we?
That's right, B.A.
It's out of the country and
we're gonna have to fly there.
Only I don't fly, Hannibal.
And now that I know
you want me to fly...
I ain't gonna
turn my back on you.
You ain't gonna get me
with no knock-out drops, man.
Ain't no way you're gonna get
me to eat or drink anything.
I understand.
Then, you won't want...
this last swallow
of your milk, I guess?
The movie business
is in real trouble, Faceman.
Gross receipts are down.
I mean, the whole industry, it's, you
know, it's run by attorneys anyway.
They cut a real filmmaker
to shreds.
Have I got stories. Boy!
Have I got stories to tell you.
I mean, committees of men sitting
around in smoke-filled offices...
- What is this all about?
- Oh, this is gonna be fun.
He's making a movie.
A classic little film called
Closed For Remodeling.
...works of immense
struggle, and I will not...
That's already opened. I saw it
on a theater marquee last week.
Don't you do that to me,
Hannibal.
One lunatic
in this outfit is enough.
Oh, my gosh!
Look at that face!
Have you ever considered
a career in show business?
We have to pick up Tawnia.
We have a lot to do.
Get out of there, Murdock.
You're making a big mistake.
I'm telling you, both of you.
You, meet me
in my office Monday, 5:00.
Hey, Señor Doylee.
I'm looking for Kruger.
He came over here two days ago
with your money.
He never came back. I was about
to send a man to you, señor.
He no show. I think maybe
you no like my work.
I stop many boats,
catch many men for you.
Well, maybe he took off
with the money.
If he gets to Iquitos...
gets drunk and starts telling
anybody what's going on here...
- I am sure this will not happen.
- You killed him?
I am a simple
river boat captain.
The jungle, she is very mean...
and it is a long
dangerous way to Iquitos.
- How many have you got?
- Twenty men, six women.
I will have them
gathered up for you, señor.
Put them on your boat.
I didn't know you could
read, muchacho?
Like this river, señor,
I am a man with many turns.
It is of beautiful women
who sing, dance...
drink wine and love, no?
Where did you get this? This
belongs to Brian Lefcourt.
Is he known to you?
He owns some of the biggest
newspapers in the world.
Ah!
An important man? He must
be worth mucho dinero.
Where is he? I want him now.
My bad leg, she is aching.
It is time for poor crippled
El Cajon to sit, I think.
Where is he, Cajon? Or I'll
blow your stinking heart out.
And if you ever point
this gun at me again...
I'll feed you your leg.
I like you, señor.
You are a man to admire.
Get them up.
Load them aboard.
Come on, move it.
Hold it. Put him
in the forward cabin.
Until next time.
You are a joy, patrón.
But you did a big mistake
with me, muchacho.
I don't know! I do not know!
How am I supposed
to make this classic...
if my driver keeps hitting
every bump in the road?
Help! Help!
Don't tell me
I'm in this coffin, Hannibal!
If you tell me
I'm in this coffin...
I'm going to start
spilling you guys' teeth!
No, no, no, no, no. That's not a coffin,
B.A., that's a Heaven Rider.
Yeah, we at Lyman Brothers
like to think...
that there are no angry
spirits in a Heaven Rider.
You guys slipped me down in a coffin.
That's it. This is the last one.
It's gone too far, Hannibal.
You hear me?
Sergeant Baracus, who was our
Ordnance Officer in Vietnam?
- I was. You know I was.
- Right.
Now, don't think of it as being
shipped down here in a coffin...
think of it as accompanying
our ordnance locker.
And...
a job well done, Sergeant.
This is a coffin, Hannibal,
it's not an ordnance locker.
Now, B.A., emote, emote,
emote!
You guys brought me
down in a coffin.
It will not be in the
final cut, I promise!
Yes?
The Reverend O'Herlihy
and I are transporting a coffin...
up past the bend in the river
to the settlement at Fonte Boa.
We're looking for a river
guide named Little John.
Do you know
where I can find him?
They don't want us to leave.
How hospitable.
Ladies and gentlemen...
my name is H. M. Murdock...
better known in the theatrical
capitals of the world...
as H. M. M.,
or Mmm-hmm.
And I am the greatest director
of the cinema...
that has ever exposed
a frame of film...
and I usually get what I want.
So where are the 200
llama wool sweaters...
that I need for the barbeque
scene on the beach?
You want to be in this picture,
chickie, you better get what I want!
Well, are you gonna
go get the sweaters...
or are you gonna pull one of these
mealy-mouthed el foldos on me?
This is a joke?
You're kidding, señor.
A joke. I'm kidding.
I'm kidding.
You're gonna joke all the way...
on the plane
back to L.A., boy-o!
I'm looking for a river
guide named Little John.
He died.
No kidding.
When did that happen?
Tomorrow.
And you're gonna
beat him into the ground...
unless you pack your bags
and get out of here real fast.
You're very sure
of yourself, aren't you?
Well, it's a nice,
friendly place you have here.
Now, why don't you
open the door...
and not cause any trouble?
That door stays locked
till you and your friends...
tell us why you're really here.
B.A.
Now, you're the guy with the big mouth
so you can tell me where Little John is.
I tell you nothing.
You want to bet?
Where is Little John?
He's on Bobbi Cardina's
boat at the wharf.
Oh, thank you so much
for your hospitality.
B.A., guard the road.
We're looking for
a man named Little John.
Little John leave many days ago.
Well, what about Bobby Cardina?
Where is he?
Is best you go, señor. The
captain takes no passengers.
No freight.
What is this, caramel custard?
It is material for the church which is
being built beyond the bend in the river.
Yes, well, speaking of churches,
I'm the Reverend Galen Giles...
and we're taking this casket to
the settlement at Fonte Boa.
Señores, you must go.
We got trouble coming, Hannibal!
- Cut us loose, Face.
- Hannibal, we got trouble coming!
All right, we're
gonna borrow your barge!
Everybody off this sucker!
He didn't make it.
Nice drinking with you!
Okay, querido,
who the hell are you?
My name is Hannibal Smith.
And if I could persuade you
to take that gun down...
this could be the start of an
interesting friendship. Who are you?
My name is Bobbi Cardina and I'm
the captain of this vessel.
Miss Cardina, I hope
we haven't inconvenienced you.
Look what you have done, señor.
I've only half the load.
You have cost me much money.
If I could persuade
you to put that gun down...
perhaps I can make it up to you.
Well, perhaps you could
persuade your friends...
to put down their guns as well.
Now, señor,
get ready for a swim.
But you haven't heard my offer.
I will pay you $100,000
in American money...
to take us to the settlement.
Now, I know you got a deal with
El Cajon, the river pirate.
Some reason he lets you get by.
Think about it, Miss Cardina...
$100,000, American.
- You have the money on you?
- It's in the coffin.
What a wonderful idea, Colonel.
It's gonna look great in my film.
There is no money, is there?
Well, not yet, but who knows.
Let's say that we're
at a standoff.
There are no standoffs, querido.
I like this girl, Hannibal.
So do I.
You are crazy men, no?
I'm not crazy.
I'm a great filmmaker.
I have visions that I turn
into cellular monuments...
and I'm here to tell you
that with your aspect ratio...
you could walk with
the cinematic gods.
Actually, what we're looking
for, see, is a river guide.
Yeah, a chap by the name
of Little John.
He was the guide
for Brian Lefcourt's party.
Yes, I heard that.
Señor Lefcourt
has been captured.
Many people are captured on this river.
None are ever seen again.
You're saying he's been killed?
I'm saying none
are ever seen again.
El Cajon is a pirate.
He lives by a pirate's code.
Well, Mr. Coffin's in
for a big surprise...
because we've got
a code of our own.
Señor, I have heard from one of
Doyle's men in Monte Alegre...
the big one named Churlisco,
he was attacked
in a bar by four men.
And they have taken
the Cardina river barge.
It is about one mile
up river from here.
Which men? Whose men?
I don't know.
But they're armed.
We will show these men
what happens...
when one passes
bend in the river...
without the permission
of El Cajon.
We're coming
to the bend in the river.
Keep it in the center
of the current.
- Now--
- I don't know...
props must be asleep
on this picture.
I asked to have some small
canoes along that bank.
You know,
symbolizing lost battles...
That's not props, Murdock,
that's set dressing.
Oh, it's not props. What?
Take positions over here and
keep your rifles out of sight.
All right, if that slime
ball jumps us, we'll sink him.
Get inside, honey. Not
on your life, Hannibal.
I got you guys into this.
I'm not going below decks.
Right.
Hannibal.
You like this, don't you, señor ?
It does get the blood started.
Now, when the firing starts,
stay down.
I will pilot this vessel.
It's all I own.
All right, stand by.
Here he comes.
Señor, we have
some engine trouble.
Would you help us, please?
Get that bunch of lumber out of
my way or I'll run you down.
This may be harder
than you think, señor.
If you have guns
you will drop them.
Forget it, pal,
we're going through.
No way, señor. You are
four, we are ten.
Pull back! Pull back!
Hold it right there!
You are well armed, señor.
Are you the jackass that
calls himself "The Coffin"?
Yes, señor. El Cajon.
Mr. Coffin,
please do not sweat.
There is to be
no sweating in my film.
Here, wipe it off yourself.
All right, now take us
to your camp. Move it.
Boy, do I love this movie.
Don't you?
B.A.
See if you can find some
place to lock these guys up.
Right.
Ándele,
ándele! Pronto!
Not you, Coffin.
The pirate business
hasn't been so good, huh?
Señor, if you knew
the problems...
a poor river boat
pirate must face.
It is not an easy life.
Yeah, and it isn't getting
any easier, is it?
Okay, which one
of these cabañas is yours?
The one with
the TV antenna, huh?
The reception is muy malo.
Get only Donald Duck
on Saturday without sound.
What a shame.
Let's take a look.
We're looking
for Brian Lefcourt.
We know you attacked his boat.
Now, where is he?
Señor, my leg is wood...
and she aches very much.
Perhaps El Cajon
might sit down...
while we speak about
this Señor Lefcourt.
Okay, but keep
your hands in sight.
This Señor Lefcourt,
you have come...
all this way with these
powerful weapons to find him?
I'll ask the questions.
Now open up, before I take you
outside and hang you upside down.
Is this the way to speak
to the respected enemy?
That's the way I am.
Spill it, Coffin.
In that case, adiós, señor.
- So, you had a little surprise for me, huh?
- No, I don't.
You ought to get some
plastic cartridges, pal.
You can't go swimming
with those paper-wrapped.
You catch me at disadvantage, señor.
Give me the chance.
Same chance you gave me, huh?
Yeah, but you had
nothing of value to trade.
But I have something for you.
The traveler you seek,
Señor Lefcourt.
I can give him to you.
I can, señor.
Doyle here.
Señor Doylee, hola.
I have for you some news.
Not so good.
I have some peoples here,
and they look for the man...
the one called Lefcourt.
Who are they?
They say what they're after?
No, they just seek
for the one called Lefcourt.
And you've captured them?
They are here with me.
Well, hang on to them.
I'll be there at first light.
They shall be here
when you arrive.
You have my word.
Hey, Señor Doylee.
What's going on? How come
your boat's half sunk?
I always knew that you had
the good nose for trouble...
and we have plenty.
Beautiful, B.A.,
it was beautiful.
You're gonna be
a sensation at Cannes.
Okay, boy-chick,
this next shot...
is gonna be multiple cameras.
It's the great massacre scene.
It's where your body is riddled
with thousands of bullets.
Unfortunately, I got to get it
the first time. No retakes.
You get my drift?
You wanted to talk to us
about Brian Lefcourt.
You stupid, fat pig.
I would not be
too harsh with the words...
considering where
we both stand, my friend.
We want to know about Brian.
Is he all right?
The lady asked you
a question, pal.
Is he? Tell me.
I'm sure you will see him
soon enough, chiquita.
Their weapons
are no good, Doyle.
Shall we drop the weapons,
gentlemen?
Might as well. She pulled
the firing pins, guys.
I am sorry, querido.
Not half as sorry as I am.
Not as sorry as you will be.
Get them aboard the barge!
You will return them
to the encampment...
and then continue on
with your supplies.
I will have to make
one more trip.
There was to be no more trips.
Because of them I had to shove
off without being fully loaded.
What is one more trip
among friends?
Under the circumstances, I do not think
you have much to complain about.
Are you loco ?
If not for her,
we would be their prisoners.
If not for her, they wouldn't
be here in the first place.
Every trip she takes past the
bend in the river jeopardizes us.
Now we are on the alert.
We will watch them.
But that was foolish,
Señor Doylee.
She's a stubborn one.
Never mind.
After this delivery I'll
have no use for her anyway.
You wish me to kill her?
No.
She is one I want for myself.
Yeah, Hannibal, I hope
you're working on another plan.
- We haven't finished with the old plan.
- What old one?
The one that takes us
to find Brian Lefcourt.
You call getting caught
like this a plan?
Well, with
a few minor glitches...
it takes us
directly to Lefcourt.
- Sounds logical to me.
- It would.
Cast off.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org